Do you know that you mean Yan Zhaoling by doing this?
I told you you didn't know about my marriage
I can't do it.
I don't like you.
I, Tang Shuicong's man, have only had the situation from beginning to end
You will only make you look down on me even more
Yuan Zhaoling, you are useless and virtuous
You can't afford this Xuanyuan sword
If you have to die more, you are courting death
Han Xueyan, it doesn't matter if you don't like me.
Then you don't have to find a trash to be a shield, do you?
As for this Xuanyuan sword
He is a Qing gentleman
My congratulations are my enemies
Why can't I afford it?
You rubbish, are you worthy of robbing me?
Hey, son, you are so right.
Whoever released this kid is a complete garbage
It was picked up by my mother
Growing up with me
Everything goes well
Sleepy until now, nothing has been done.
Living like this is a waste of air
Yes, Young Master Yan
I am the ex-girlfriend of the situation
I know nothing more about him
He's just a little white face who eats soft rice
This Tang Xueying
I don't know what ecstasy soup he put on
So miserable
It turned out to be a little white face who eats soft rice
Don't look at what he's wearing
In fact, he is a poor man
And he's the best at making women happy
Speaking of lies, come on, set by set
Fortunately, I have seen through his true face long ago
Dump him
wife
You serve Tang Xueying
How much did she pay you?
Hahaha